{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialNarrow;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red35\green43\blue50;
\red29\green29\blue29;\red244\green244\blue244;\red18\green56\blue98;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c18431\c22353\c25490;
\cssrgb\c14902\c14902\c14902;\cssrgb\c96471\c96471\c96471;\cssrgb\c7843\c29020\c45882;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf4 I'm so sorry for the delay. We definitely should have seen some movement by now. Let me reach out to our shipping team and I'll circle back with you as soon as I hear from them.\'a0\
\
Speak soon,\uc0\u8232 \
\
Kaitlyn\'a0\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf4 I'm so sorry for the delay and thank you so much for your understanding!\'a0\
\
I'm going to reship your entire order, and at a priority at the front of our queue. As soon as your order ships you will get an email from us confirming that it is on the way (it won't be as pretty as our standard emails but will have all the information you need)! Please keep any additional pairs on us as it was our mistake.\'a0\
\
I'm here if you need any help in the meantime.\
\
Kindly,\
\
Kaitlyn\'a0\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
I apologize for my delayed response!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf5 \cb6 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 My apologies for the continued delay, we are doing everything we can to get impacted orders out the door as quickly as possible. As soon as your order ships you will receive an email confirming that it is on the way.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
Apologies again,\
\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
Kaitlyn\
\
And we are off! Your order is en route to you, please see above for your tracking. My apologies again for the delay and please let me know if there is anything else I can help you with. \
\
Kindly,\
\
Kaitlyn\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf7 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 Checking in to say that I haven't forgotten about you! I'm going to be sending another request right now to the shipping team. I've also discounted your order an additional 20% to (hopefully!) make up for some of the inconvenience this has caused you.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
I'll reach out soon,\
\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
Kaitlyn\'a0\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl672\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \
}